chore: remove packaging machinery, moved to opentelemetry-packaging (#397)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-injector: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `make zig-unit-tests` to run the unit tests
* `watch-zig-unit-tests` to continually run the Zig unit tests on every change (requires [`fd`](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd) and [`entr`](https://github.com/eradman/entr) to be installed)
* `make tests` to run the unit tests and the injector integration tests

> The DEB and RPM system packages that bundle the injector with the Java, Node.js, and .NET auto-instrumentation agents now live in [open-telemetry/opentelemetry-packaging](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-packaging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DEB and RPM system packages that bundle the injector with the auto-instrumentation agents for supported runtimes live in [open-telemetry/opentelemetry-packaging](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-packaging).
```

Let's not scatter the list of supported runtimes across too many places in the repo, so we don't have to remember to update all of them when adding more runtimes.
